Clarify how log wildcard searches work (#5016)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/logs/explorer/search.md

* `web*` matches all log messages starting with `web`
* `*web` matches all log messages that end with `web`

> Wildcard searches work within facets with this syntax. This query will return all the services that end with the string `mongo`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Wildcard searches work within facets with this syntax. This query returns all the services that end with the string `mongo`:
```

`service:*mongo`

> Wildcard searches can also be used to search in the plain text of a log that is not part of a facet. This query will return all the logs that contain the string `NETWORK`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Wildcard searches can also be used to search in the plain text of a log that is not part of a facet. This query returns all the logs that contain the string `NETWORK`:
```

`"*NETWORK*"`

> However, this search term will not return logs that contain the string `NETWORK` if it is in a facet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, this search term does not return logs that contain the string `NETWORK` if it is in a facet.
```
